Add version note for Remix manual Express wrapper. (#5442)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/includes/getting-started-config/javascript.remix.mdx

If you use a custom Express server in your Remix application, you should wrap your [`createRequestHandler` function](https://remix.run/docs/en/v1/other-api/adapter#createrequesthandler) manually with `wrapExpressCreateRequestHandler`. This is not required if you use the built-in Remix App Server.

<Alert level="info">
  

> `wrapExpressCreateRequestHandler` is available from version 7.11.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`wrapExpressCreateRequestHandler` is available starting with version 7.11.0.
```
